capital = 273

set_stability = 0.50
set_convoys = 20

recruit_character = EGY_abbas_ii_helmy
recruit_character = EGY_archibald_murray
recruit_character = EGY_edmund_allenby
recruit_character = EGY_alex_smith
recruit_character = EGY_bob_smith
recruit_character = EGY_peter_jones
recruit_character = EGY_acas
recruit_character = EGY_mt
recruit_character = EGY_nccr
recruit_character = EGY_ai2
recruit_character = EGY_ncs
recruit_character = EGY_aco2
recruit_character = EGY_acd2
recruit_character = EGY_nt
recruit_character = EGY_ar
recruit_character = EGY_fascist_guy
recruit_character = EGY_acgs
recruit_character = EGY_acr
recruit_character = EGY_stc
recruit_character = EGY_ncm
recruit_character = EGY_democratic_guy
recruit_character = EGY_communist_guy
recruit_character = EGY_coi
recruit_character = EGY_pot
recruit_character = EGY_aa2
recruit_character = EGY_awt

oob = "EGY_1910"

set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {

	# Infantry
	infantry_weapons = 1
	ww1infantry_weapons1 = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	infantry_binoculars = 1
	infantry_grenade = 1
	machine_gun = 1
	machine_gun_1 = 1
	ww1_ambulance1 = 1
	early_motorised = 1

	# Support
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	basic_train = 1
	
	# Armor
	gwtank=1 # 1910 Armored Car

	# Artillery
	light_field_gun1 = 1
	heavy_field_gun1 = 1
	interwar_antiair=1

	# Air

	# Engineering
	electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
	chemical_research = 1

	# Industry
	
	
	# Navy
	early_ship_hull_light = 1
	basic_ship_hull_light = 1
	early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
	early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
	basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		ship_hull_super_heavy = 1
	basic_battery = 1
	basic_light_battery = 1
	basic_medium_battery = 1
	basic_torpedo = 1
	basic_depth_charges = 1
	basic_secondary_battery = 1
	basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
	basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
	mtg_transport = 1

		# Doctrine
		ww1_infantry = 1
		ww1_artillery = 1
		ww1_battlefield_support = 1
		mobile_doctrines = 1
}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1910.1.1" 
		election_frequency = 48 
		elections_allowed = no 
	}	
	set_popularities = {
		fascism = 12
		communism = 0
		democratic = 2
		neutrality = 86
	}